In this lesson, we're going to do the next step.
We've already created our virtual environment, and now we're going to install Django.
We're going to do it as we already know, with PIP install, but we put Django and this will install
in our virtual environment the latest version of Django that is available at the moment.
It's important to remember that I'm not installing it on my computer in general, but it's only going
to work in the context of my virtual environment.
It is finishing downloading and we'll give it a few more seconds and now it's ready.
I put pip freeze to see it and it's going to show me that in this context I actually have four modules
because along with Django, it downloads a SGI ref SQL policy and PT Z data.
Now I'm going to create a subfolder in my environment which is going to function as source.
It's where I'm going to store my project.
And typically this is a good place.
We call it CRC for Source for a change.
We're not going to create it from the Explorer, but directly from command.
Prompt putting M.K. Die which if you remember means make directory and here we put s RC and now inside
my web we have CRC and web, which is our virtual environment.
We're going to navigate from here with C, D to C to get into that folder.
And now we're going to start our project.
So how do we do it?
The command you have to type in the console is Django admin and then the keyword start project.
Hey, we're going to name it here, which can be simply project.
This takes a few seconds and it's already started.
We're going to see inside the folders going into source.
We find the folder project in which we have to click and we have this file which is very important,
which is a python file called Manage.
This is the file from which we're going to manage everything that happens with our project, which you're
going to see in just a few seconds.
Now back to the console and I ask for your patience.
If all this still doesn't make much sense to you, just repeat my steps for now.
And I promise that as we move forward, you'll get a better understanding of this dynamic.
So we've created a source and we've hosted our project there.
Now let's start our server.
What is the server?
It's the site from which we're going to run the website that we're going to create.
So we type python manage dot py, which is this file we've just seen.
And the command run server we run and we get an error.
Of course.
We should have gone to the project folder because that's where managed copy is located.
We put see the project and now from here python manage p y and run server.
Now we're in the right place to run.
And as you can see, a new file is generated here inside the folder, which is DB dot Q Light three.
And let's read two more things here.
The first one says you have 18 and applied migrations.
Your project may not work properly until you apply the migrations for apps, admin, etc..
Don't worry because we'll solve this in a jiffy.
On the other hand, we're looking at a Web address here, and this is a very, very important thing
because this is the URL where the website is hosted locally while we're creating it, so we can copy
that link.
And now we can see this site.
If we go to the browser, we paste in the URL and Tyler, congratulations.
Django has been successfully installed.
Here we have the documentation, some tutorials and a link to the Django community.
The important thing is that we now have the place where our website is going to be when we start to
develop it.
And on the other side, after the Web address, if we write slash admin, this will take us to a site
that still returns an operational error.
And this is because we have not yet done the migration that the console asked us to do.
How do we do it?
We go back to the console.
We put Control plus C to exit this execution and the next command we give is with Python manager p y
and now the command will not be run server as before, but migrate.
Now we're going to migrate those files that were pending migration.
We're going to rerun the server with Python manager API run server and we run it again and it returns
the same URL as before.
So if we refresh our browser now, it does take us to a place where we can log in with a username and
password.
By default it is loaded with my computer name and password, but if I click on log in as it is, it
does not recognize me as an administrator.
This is because we have never generated this user.
We have to do it from the console.
We put control in C to exit the execution and we do it again through Python managed API.
But the command we give now is create super user.
This will give us some options.
The username can be left blank to use the name you have on the machine.
Mine is Wynn ten.
I'm going to leave that one directly.
The email address you can leave blank and the password, which has to be at least eight characters long,
is going to fill it in with a personal password.
You don't see it on the screen, but I put it in.
Now I have to repeat it and it says Super user created successfully.
If I now come back here, leave when ten and enter my password and press log in.
It gives me an error.
Of course, this is because I have to run the server again.
After having created the super user again, we put python manager p run server and now I can go on.
I run again here with refresh and well now I'm logged in with the super user that it automatically loaded
on my computer.
So while I was doing my internship I automatically generated the same username and password and that's
why I logged in directly.
You have to retype all of this.
So we run a site that says Django Administration and this is not what the end user is going to see,
but only the site administrator.
Here we have tools to administer groups and users.
And if I click on users, we see here some details that say that for now the only user is me.
And it says I have staff status.
If I click on this, it will take me to a bunch of tools to customize my user status.
So we're going to continue to look at this in the next lesson, and I'm ready to get to work starting
in the next lesson.
See you there.